
# Grouping Styles Exercises

## Exercise One
- Open the recently completed lab03 folder.
-  Modify the .css file as follows:
   - At present there are 2 separate style rules for h1 and h2, but both have the same property and value. Group the style rules together.

## Exercise Two
- Download, extract and open the [lab04](archives/lab04.zip) folder.
- Create a sub folder called css.
- Open your text editor and create a blank document. Save the file as *gardens.css* in the css sub folder.
- Add the following rules to the .css file (gardens.css in the css sub folder) and in this example use ems for relative measurements (not percentages):
  - body:
    - the background colour should use hexadecimal code EEEEEE  
    - the text colour should use hexadecimal code 000080
    - the font family should be set to Verdana or sans-serif
    - the text size should be 15px
  - h1:
    - the background colour should use hexadecimal code BDB69C
    - the text colour should use hexadecimal code 565B60
    - increase the font size by 3 times the parent value
    - change the text so that it is all uppercase
  - p:
    - set the text alignment to justify
    - increase the line height to 1 and half times the parent value
  - q:
    - set the font family to Comic Sans or cursive
    - the text colour should be DarkSlateBlue
    - increase the font size by 10% of the base size (not the parent size)
- In the lab04 folder open **index.html** and add a link tag to the <head> section that links the .css file.
