
# Class and Id Exercises

In these exercises, we are working with classes, and ids. For this you need to download [Lab01](archives/Lab01.zip).

Remember to download the zipped file into your Week3 folder in your Website Development 1 folder.

You can validate your CSS code at <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator" target="_ blank">W3C CSS Validation Service</a>.

# Exercise 1a: Class Selectors

1. Open *exercise1.html*.
2. In the style section, add the following:
  1.  Add a class (p.gray) such that the background colour is gray, and the font weight is bold. Apply the class to the p.first paragraph.
  2.  Add a class (p.red) such that the background colour is red, and the font style is italic. Apply the class to the p.second paragraph.
  3.  Add a class (p.purple) such that the background colour is purple, and font colour is white. Apply the class to the p.third paragraph.

# Exercise 1b: Anonymous Class Selector

1.	Continue using *exercise1.html*.
2.	In the style section, add the following:
  1.  Add an anonymous class (.important) such that the font size is increased to 250%.
  2.  Apply the class to the second h1 heading.
  3.  Apply the class to the last paragraph.


# Exercise 2: ID Selector

1.	Open *exercise2.html*.
2.	In the style section, add the following:
 1.  Add an id (p#exampleID1) such that the background colour is fuchsia. Apply the id to the second paragraph.
 2.  Add an id (p#exampleID2) such that text is transformed to uppercase. Apply the id to the third paragraph.
